Command: python3 routing_agent.py
Output:
-------

--- Prompt: Tell me about the history of Rome, Texas ---
[Router] Best agent: texas agent (score=0.386)
Response: Rome, Texas is a small unincorporated community located in Fannin County. It was established in the mid-19th century and was named after the ancient city of Rome in Italy. The community was originally settled by pioneers and farmers attracted to the fertile land in the area. Rome, Texas has a rich history tied to agriculture and ranching, and it continues to be a small rural community to this day.

--- Prompt: Tell me about the history of Rome, Italy ---
[Router] Best agent: europe agent (score=0.288)
Response: Rome, Italy, has a rich and ancient history that dates back over 2,800 years. It was founded in 753 BC according to legend by Romulus and Remus, twin brothers who were raised by a she-wolf. Rome grew from a small city-state into a powerful empire that controlled much of Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East.

The Roman Republic was established in 509 BC, and Rome became a center of culture, politics, and military power in the ancient world. The Republic eventually gave way to the Roman Empire in 27 BC when Octavian, later known as Augustus, became the first Roman Emperor.

During the height of the Roman Empire, Rome was a bustling metropolis with impressive architecture, such as the Colosseum, the Pantheon, and the Roman Forum. The empire reached its greatest territorial extent under Emperor Trajan in the 2nd century AD.

However, the Roman Empire began to decline in the 3rd century AD due to internal strife, economic troubles, and invasions by barbarian tribes. The empire split into the Western Roman Empire and the Eastern Roman Empire (Byzantine Empire) in 285 AD. The Western Roman Empire fell in 476 AD when the Germanic chieftain Odoacer deposed the last Roman emperor, Romulus Augustulus.

Rome continued to be an important city in the Byzantine Empire and later as the capital of the Papal States. In the 19th century, Rome became the capital of the newly unified Kingdom of Italy.

Today, Rome is a vibrant city known for its historical sites, art, culture, and cuisine. It remains a popular destination for tourists from around the world who come to see landmarks such as the Vatican City, St. Peter's Basilica, and the Sistine Chapel.

--- Prompt: One story takes 2 days, and there are 20 stories ---
[Router] Best agent: math agent (score=0.130)
Response: 40 days
